Fix: CSS not applying on responsive devices and multi-buttons settings not visible in editor issue. (#1243)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

> = 1.25.4 =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= 1.25.4 - MONDAY, 7TH FEBRUARY 2022 =
```

> * Fix: CSS not applying on responsive devices.
> * Fix: Multi Buttons - Child setting are not visible in editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: CSS was not applying on responsive devices.
* Fix: Multi Buttons - Child settings were not visible in the editor.
```
